AI Usage Journal
Adeshola Delete 
Adeshola@umd.edu
Section 0201

Week 1 
This week I used AI on the exercises in order to reiterate and remember certain python functions that I had forgotten how to use. Using this method provided me with adequate examples that helped me with the exercises. I used it on a few questions to debug and clarify that I was following the directions correctly when unclear. Here is my AI chat link: https://claude.ai/chat/15ba2f8a-596f-4d3f-a589-29b7284599b6

I have yet to use AI on my team project due to us being so early into the process and it not being needed. 

I used Claude.AI for the first time after my professor recommended it. I do agree that that Claude is so much better for code compared to ChatGPT. ChatGPT would drag out code and make many mistakes that wouldn't occur if using Claude from the start. I compared the two with the same question and preferred the explanation given by Claude much more. I believe I will continue to use this AI in the future rather than ChatGPT.

Week 2 

This week I continued to use Claude.AI on the exercises in order to learn and remember how to use specific functions.

Some examples are the pop and sort function. These can be extremely useful for our project when trying to remove and sort data alphabetically. 

I think I am starting to prefer Claude.AI over ChatGPT due to the knowledge it has on programming and code. It is extremely useful and can be used to provide us with explanations. I think I will continue to use this on exercises and the project in the future. 

week 3 

This week the exercises took me significantly longer. The 30 exercises were a bit difficult and while I did use AI for problems where I had major issues, I tried to stay away from it.

I also used AI on questions where I did not understand the debugging. AI helped explain the error and how I could fix it in order to make my code more efficient. 

I am still using Claude.AI over ChatGPT because of how much more efficient it is when it comes to code and computing. 

week 4 
This week I refrained as much as possible from using AI. I want to start learning how to actually do the code on my own so I only use Claude.AI for debugging and explanation of the directions. 

I enjoyed working with classes and objects and I understand how they can be useful when it comes to storing information and retrieving said information. 

week 5 
This week I limited my use of AI on the week 5 exercise assignment.

I used Claude AI and a little bit of ChatGPT in order to debug or understand specific functions and how they are used in the code 

week 6
This week I used Claude in order to understand certain functions and how they are used. 

I use AI in order to generate examples that will better increase my understanding of specific topics when it comes to oop. 

week 7 
This week I increased my use of AI on the week 7 exercises

This was in order to understand the concepts clearly and clear up my confusions. 

this week consist of many if statements, which is something that is not new to me. Since I am familiar with them AI was not really needed to understand what they do. 

week 8 
This week I continued to use Claude on the weekly exercises 

Claude was able to explain several concepts and show me how to implement them into code 

week 9 
This week I used three different AI models to see which ones would produce the most effective work 

I started off with gemini, but quickly gave up due to receiving many errors and the AI not understanding the directions 

Claude would often over complicate the answers and make them 200 lines long 

ChatGPT was the most useful because I was able to simplify the code and also receive my results in a fraction of the time compared to the other models

I may consider returning to Chat for future work 

week 10
This week i continued to use ChatGPT because the other two AI models were not so useful on the last assignment 

Chat gave me no issues besides a few errors on some questions 

week 12 
Throughout this semester I have worked with several different AI clients 

After testing and doing different tasks with them all, I have decided that Claude is the one I will continue using in the future 

Claude is extremely intelligent when it comes to being able to understand code and fix errors 